It’s nine o’clock already?
It looks like it’s going to be
another late night.
I just can’t seem to catch up.
I’m trying to keep up
with everything,
but there just never seems
to be enough time in the day.
I’m not a superman
—nobody is.
Hmm.
Could anyone
have been busier than Jesus?
But you know what?
He wasn’t alone,
he had help,
he had his faithful disciples.
He took the time to patiently train them.
He showed his trust in them
by giving them assignments.
And he empowered them
by giving them the tools that they needed.
Hmm.
How about that!
I don’t have
to be a superman.
I just have to imitate
the greatest man.
Hey, Brandon,
it’s John.
I was wondering if you could
help me with something?